POST http://localhost:5000/api/success-stories
Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6MSwiZW1haWwiOiJLaGFsZWRAZ21haWwuY29tIiwiaWF0IjoxNzQ4OTY5MDY1LCJleHAiOjE3NDk1NzM4NjV9.hZ-tgmYMP7hS5YJxyMO_qDl7HO7JESzwIB80hR0M8cM
Content-Type: multipart/form-data; boundary=----WebKitFormBoundary7MA4YWxkTrZu0gW

------WebKitFormBoundary7MA4YWxkTrZu0gW
Content-Disposition: form-data; name="title"

How Blingy Scholar came through for me
------WebKitFormBoundary7MA4YWxkTrZu0gW
Content-Disposition: form-data; name="content"

Completing my degree in Computer Science at Bayero University Kano (BUK) was a huge milestone for me. After graduation, I wanted to explore further opportunities to grow and learn. Applying for scholarships felt overwhelming, and I wasn’t sure how to make my application stand out.

Thankfully, Blingy Scholar was there to guide me through the entire process. Their mentorship and clear, practical advice gave me the confidence and tools I needed to apply for scholarships successfully. With their support, I was able to secure a scholarship to study at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), a truly life-changing opportunity. They helped me understand what selectors look for and supported me every step of the way. Without Blingy Scholar’s help, this chance might never have happened.

------WebKitFormBoundary7MA4YWxkTrZu0gW
Content-Disposition: form-data; name="author_name"

Hamzat Abdulroqib
------WebKitFormBoundary7MA4YWxkTrZu0gW
Content-Disposition: form-data; name="author_photo"; filename="abdul.jpeg"
Content-Type: image/jpeg

< ./public/abdul.jpeg
------WebKitFormBoundary7MA4YWxkTrZu0gW--
